bpo-41149 Fix a bug in threading that causes threads to fail to start. (#21201)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-06-28-16-13-02.bpo-41149.jiZWtJ.rst

> Fix a bug that can cause threads to fail to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug that can cause threads to fail to start. Patch contributed by Barney Stratford.
```

> Fix a bug that can cause threads to fail to start. Patch contributed by Barney Stratford.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allow executing callables that have a boolean value of ``False`` when passed to :class:`Threading.thread` as the target. Patch contributed by Barney Stratford.
```
